# Bear

Ahmed had been out all day and was dragging his weary body along the dark night road. He couldn't see a thing. But he was so familiar with the road that no matther how dark it got, he was confident that he knew the way home. **So he did not notice that he went down a wrong path!** A deafening bolt of lightning shattered the air and lit up the night sky. What he saw now was a huge, strong, frightening bear! There were still dark red marks on the corners of the bear's mouth and paws. Could it be blood? He couldn't contain his racing thoughts. He took a step back, trembling with fear, he wanted to run but his legs wouldn't listen to his command. He sat down on his butt, his face was pale. He tried to crawl backwards to get away from the bear. But the bear came closer and closer, he couldn't escape. There was nowhere to go. He couldn't think of anything, he needed help. All he could think was "Who can help me?", but on a road like this, who would come to his rescue?

# Parkour

Jack is one of the top extreme sports athletes in the world. His favorite sport is Parkour. Now he will try to challenge himself with a harder jump than all the jumps he has done before. He stands on a roof top in London very nervously, uncertain whether he will succeed or not. His chest keeps rising and falling, inhaling and exhaling. Not knowing whether it is out of excitement or fear, his whole body is trembling. He slowly backs up from the edge, faster and faster, he retreats to the other side and gets into his starting position. Then he starts and accelerates to a high speed. He jumps up and lands on the edge of other roof top. He almost didn't make it. He slides for some steps, decelerates and stops. He jumps up excitedly, waves his arms, and shouts "I can do it! I'm the best!" Jack accomplished his greatest feat yet. What could be the next challenge for him?

# Key

Amy got an ancient treasure map and now she is in front of the door of the house of treasures. Her hand trembles so much that she can barely line up the key with the lock hole. After a few attempts, she inserts the key into the lock, turns it and the door to the room starts to open. She holds her breath and slowly, slowly, pushes the door completely open. The old door makes a creaking and squeaking sound. Suddenly, she freezes, without any movement, just standing there, she sees nothing in the room but some dust and spider webs! Anger floods her brain, her face turns red like a tomato. She rushes into the room lividly, hands at her sides, screaming. She tears up the map completely to pieces. Out of frustration, she lits the house on fire. The flame becomes larger and larger, but she hasn't gotten out of the house yet! So maybe don't make any decision when you are feeling livid or experiencing strong negative emotions. Take your time and get out of the house first.


